feat: rename executeWithAuthorization to executeWithRuntimeValidation (#184)
alchemyplatform/ERC-6900-Ref-Implementation: standard/ERCs/erc-6900.md

    /// @param sender The caller address.
    /// @param value The call value.
    /// @param data The calldata sent.

>     /// @param authorization Additional data for the validation function to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    /// @param authorization Additional data for the hook to use.
```
